Clarify security policy credit and reported-by note (#1980)
AcademySoftwareFoundation/rez: SECURITY.md

report it by filing a GitHub [security
advisory](https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/rez/security/advisories/new). Alternatively,
email security@rez-project.io and provide your contact info for further
private/secure discussion. If your email does not receive a prompt
acknowledgement, your address may be blocked. If you request anonymity,
your name and contact information will not be published. Otherwise,
credit will be given in notices related to the vulnerability.

Our policy is to acknowledge the receipt of vulnerability reports
within 48 hours. Our policy is to address critical security vulnerabilities
rapidly and post patches within 14 days if possible.

## Known Vulnerabilities

> The only currently known security vulnerability is issue [#937](https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/rez/issues/937), reported by @ColinKennedy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only currently known security vulnerability is issue [#417](https://github.com/AcademySoftwareFoundation/rez/issues/417), reported by @ttanimura.
```
I think this is more accurate. @ttanimura was the first to open an issue for this problem (without necessarily tagging it as a security issue).
